updates to installation page to include how to create a virtual envir… (#272)
reflex-dev/reflex-web: docs/getting-started/installation.md

    
`/usr/sbin/softwareupdate --install-rosetta --agree-to-license`

```python eval
rx.alert(
    rx.alert_icon(),
    rx.box(
        rx.alert_title("Error ", rx.code("command not found: reflex"),),
        rx.alert_description(
            "If you install Reflex with no virtual environment and get this error it means your PATH cannot find the reflex package. A virtual environment should solve this problem, or you can try running ", rx.code("python3 -m"), " before the reflex command.",
        ),
    ),
    status="warning",
)
```

## Virtual Environment (Recommended)

We recommend creating a virtual environment for your project.

Below are some tools you can use to manage environments:

- [venv]({constants.VENV_URL})
- [poetry]({constants.POETRY_URL})
- [conda]({constants.CONDA_URL})

```python eval
rx.box(height=6)
```

## Installing on macOS/Linux

Reflex's recommended environment manager for macOS and Linux is [venv]({constants.VENV_URL}). `venv` is a part of [The Python Standard Library]({constants.PYTHON_STANDARD_LIBRARY}) and comes bundled with your installation of Python. 

> On Ubuntu with Python 3 we must run the command :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Ubuntu with Python 3 we must run the command:
```

Author: changed

```bash
$ sudo apt-get install python3-pip python3-venv
```

### Create a new environment with Reflex

1. Create a new project folder and navigate to it. Replace `{app_name}` with your project name:

```bash
$ mkdir {app_name}
$ cd {app_name}
```

2. Create a new virtual environment in that folder and activate that environment:

```bash
$ python3 -m venv .venv
$ source .venv/bin/activate
```

When you run the command above, a directory called .venv will appear in the folder {app_name} (this is a hidden folder). This directory is where your virtual environment and its dependencies are installed.

3. Reflex is available as a [pip](constants.PIP_URL) package. Install Reflex in your environment:

```bash
$ pip install reflex
```

4. Installing Reflex also installs the `reflex` command line tool. Test that the install was successful by running:

```bash
$ reflex init
```

This initializes a template app in your new directory.

When you're done using this environment, type `deactivate` to return to your normal shell.

```python eval
rx.box(height=8)
```

## Installing on Windows

> Reflex's recommended environment manager for macOS and Linux is [venv]({constants.VENV_URL}). `venv` is a part of [The Python Standard Library]({constants.PYTHON_STANDARD_LIBRARY}) and comes bundled with your installation of Python. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reflex's recommended environment manager for Windows is [venv]({constants.VENV_URL}). `venv` is a part of [The Python Standard Library]({constants.PYTHON_STANDARD_LIBRARY}) and comes bundled with your installation of Python. 
```

Author: changed

    
`/usr/sbin/softwareupdate --install-rosetta --agree-to-license`

```python eval
rx.alert(
    rx.alert_icon(),
    rx.box(
        rx.alert_title("Error ", rx.code("command not found: reflex"),),
        rx.alert_description(

>             "If you install Reflex with no virtual environment and get this error it means your PATH cannot find the reflex package. A virtual environment should solve this problem.",

Reviewer: This problem can also be solved by running `python -m reflex` instead of `reflex`... not sure if that's worth mentioning

Author: good point

        ),
    ),
    status="warning",
)
```

## Virtual Environment (Recommended)

We recommend creating a virtual environment for your project.

Below are some tools you can use to manage environments:

- [venv]({constants.VENV_URL})
- [poetry]({constants.POETRY_URL})
- [conda]({constants.CONDA_URL})

```python eval
rx.box(height=8)
```

## Installing on macOS/Linux

Reflex's recommended package manager and environment manager for macOS and Linux are [pip]({constants.PIP_URL}) and [venv]({constants.VENV_URL}), respectively. `venv` is a part of [The Python Standard Library]({constants.PYTHON_STANDARD_LIBRARY}) and comes bundled with your installation of Python. See instructions on how to install and use `pip` below.

### Install pip

Install `pip`. More details about installing pip can be found in [pip's documentation]({constants.PIP_DOCS}).

On a macOS:

```bash

> python -m ensurepip --upgrade

Reviewer: if we recommend using a venv then i don't think this is necessary, because the venv already comes with pip.

having users install a "system pip" is dangerous and can lead them to making mistakes like `pip install` outside of a virtualenv and trashing their user-local or (worse) system package cache

Author: got rid of all of this

```

```python eval
rx.alert(
    rx.alert_icon(),
    rx.box(
        rx.alert_title("Error ", rx.code("command not found: python"),),
        rx.alert_description(

>             "On mac sometimes you need to write python3 instead of python",

Reviewer: can we just make the example say `python3`, is there ever a case where that doesn't work?

Author: changed this

        ),
    ),
    status="warning",
)
```

```python eval
rx.box(height=2)
```

On Ubuntu with Python 3:

```bash

> sudo apt-get install python3-pip

Reviewer: are we sure this is sufficient?

In my testing, I've had to install `python3-venv` to get the venv module (and venvs automatically come with `pip`). The main reason we would want `python3-pip` is because it also depends on compilers and headers needed to compile c extensions.

Author: changed

```

For other Linux distributions, see [How to install PIP for Python]({constants.HOW_TO_INSTALL_PIP}).

### Create a new environment with Reflex

1. Create a new project folder and navigate to it. Replace `{app_name}` with your project name:

```bash
mkdir {app_name}
cd {app_name}
```

2. Create a new virtual environment in that folder and activate that environment:

```bash
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```

When you run the command above, a directory called .venv will appear in the folder {app_name} (this is a hidden folder). This directory is where your virtual environment and its dependencies are installed.

3. Reflex is available as a [pip](constants.PIP_URL) package. Install Reflex in your environment:

```bash
pip install reflex
```

4. Installing Reflex also installs the `reflex` command line tool. Test that the install was successful by running:

```bash
reflex init
```

This initializes a template app in your new directory.

When you're done using this environment, type `deactivate` to return to your normal shell.

```python eval
rx.box(height=8)
```

## Installing on Windows

> Reflex's recommended environment manager on Windows is [Anaconda Navigator]({constants.ANACONDA_URL}).

Reviewer: This seems a bit strong for something _we don't test internally_. I think mentioning that we also support conda, and that it might be easier for windows users would make me more comfortable.

Author: got rid of all of this
